src/lessons/lesson01.rst, before:

Lesson 1: Installation and Git to know your computer!
-----------------------------------------------------

In-class Work
=============

Welcome to CoderGirl! Today we will be making sure that everyone has everything installed and that we are ready to go!

Before you leave class, you should have access to the following:

1. Canvas. You should already have accessed Canvas before class started, but we will show you the key things to check.
2. Slack. There are both desktop and mobile versions of the Slack app, so please choose whatever works best for you!

    .. note::
       We will be using Slack a lot during this class for a variety of purposes, including notifying the class of class changes, organizing study sessions and answering questions when you are out of class, so it is **really** important that you use Slack and check it often.

3. Visual Studio Code. Our code editor for the course.
4. Udacity. Some of the prep work for the class relies on videos on the Udacity site.

After everyone has everything installed, open up your command line tool.

Assignment
==========

Commit message:

Refined Lesson 1 with new prep work

src/lessons/lesson01.rst, after:

Lesson 1: Installation and Git to know your computer!
-----------------------------------------------------

Prep Work
=========

Welcome to CoderGirl! Today we will be making sure that everyone has everything installed and that we are ready to go!

Before you leave class, you should have access to the following:

1. Canvas. You should already have accessed Canvas before class started, but we will show you the key things to check.
2. Slack. There are both desktop and mobile versions of the Slack app, so please choose whatever works best for you!

    .. note::
       We will be using Slack a lot during this class for a variety of purposes, including notifying the class of class changes, organizing study sessions and answering questions when you are out of class, so it is **really** important that you use Slack and check it often.

3. Visual Studio Code. Our code editor for the course.
4. Udacity. Some of the prep work for the class relies on videos on the Udacity site.

In-class Work
=============

Today, we will be covering the command line and Git. 

One of the things you need to do before leaving class is sign up for an account on `Github <https://github.com/>`_ and send your profile to your instructor.

You also want to make sure that your computer is set up to use Git, the programming language that allows developers to update large quantities of information and maintain it in secure online repositories.

Assignment
==========

Please complete `Shell Workshop <https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud206/>`_  before class next week and practice using the following commands on your own machine.

1. ``touch``
2. ``cd``
3. ``ls``
4. ``mkdir``
5. ``rm``

Getting the hang of using the command line can be difficult, but the key is repetition! If you practice using the command line to do everyday tasks, like moving files or creating them, it will get easier.
